[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2008 superhero film Ironman so
let's get started the film opens with
genius billionaire and playboy Tony
Stark owner of Stark Industries a
weapons company and his friend
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes
demonstrating a new Jericho missile the
demonstration is ambushed and Stark is
wounded and captured by a terrorist
group the ten rings another prisoner
inson grabs an electromagnet into Tony's
chest to keep shrapnel shards from
reaching his heart the two prisoners
refused to build the Jericho missile in
exchange for freedom and instead build
an arc reactor power source and a suit
of armor to escape their plans are
discovered an instant sacrifices himself
while the suit is completed stark
battles his way out of the cave burns
the terrorists weapons and crashes in
the desert destroying the suit after
being rescued by Rhodes Stark announces
that his company will no longer
manufacture weapons Obadiah Stane his
father's old partner in the company's
manager advises stark against this and
his home workshop Stark built a sleeker
more powerful version of the armored
suit as well as a more powerful arc
reactor for his chest Stark is then
informed that his company's weapons were
delivered to ten rings and are being
used to attack instance home village
Stark also learned Stane is trying to
replace him as head of the company Stark
uses his new armor and saves the
villagers while flying home
Stark is shot by fighter jets who
reveals his secret identity Rhodes to
end the attack meanwhile ten rings
gather the prototype suit and meet with
Stane who has the group executed state
has a massive new suit engineered from
the wreckage Stark sends his assistant
Pepper Potts to hack into staines
computer she discovers stains has been
supplying the terrorists and hired them
to kill Stark at the beginning of the
film Potts meets with agent Phil Coulson
of shield to inform him of stains a
these stains scientists cannot duplicate
Starks arc reactor so stain confronts
Stark at his home and takes the one from
his chest Stark replaces it with his
original reactor pots and shield agents
attempt her arrest stain but he uses the
suit and attacks them stark fights stain
but is outmatched without his new
reactor the fight carries stark and
stained the top the stark industry
building and star construct spots to
overload the large arc reactor powering
the building this unleashes a massive
electrical surge that causes staining
his armor to fall into the exploding
reactor killing him the next day at a
press conference
stark Papa Liam it's to being the
superhero Ironman in a post-credits
scene shield director Nick Fury visits
stark at his home wanting to discuss the
Avenger initiative so that was the
spoilers for Iron Man if you have a film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below and remember
to like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]